Create ui-c8y-1021-48-0-use-new-with-total-elements-query-8013-graft-release-cd-8406.md (#3015)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-48-0-use-new-with-total-elements-query-8013-graft-release-cd-8406.md

---
date: ""

> title: Using new withTotalElements parameter in queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using withTotalElements parameter in queries
```

> title: Now using the withTotalElements parameter in queries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Using new withTotalElements parameter in queries
```

> title: Use new withTotalElements query (#8013) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8406)

Reviewer: Overall we started using already existing query param in some of our queries, so it should me more like:
```suggestion
title: Now using the withTotalElements parameter in queries
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-44459
version: 1021.48.0
---

> Use new withTotalElements query (#8013) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8406)

Reviewer: It is definitely more accurate:
```suggestion
This enhancement reduces the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items and significantly improves performance when working with large data sets such as the device list.
```

> This enhancement reduces the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items and significantly improves performance when working with large data sets such as the device list.

Reviewer 2: @luja-c8y What has been enhanced? The title says that there is a new withTotalElements parameter. We should repeat this here. But we had this parameter before?

Reviewer: @BeateRixen Hmm the point is that withTotalElements is not so new parameter. This task is around 3 years old :)
So now I'm thinking that we can omit `new` for sure.
Until now, we have UI have never used this parameter to do backend calls.

> This enhancement reduces the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items and significantly improves performance when working with large data sets such as the device list.

Reviewer: I will suggest this change:
```suggestion
Using the `withTotalElements` query parameter, we are now able to reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items. This significantly improves the performance, especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.
```
Is this more self explaining?

> Using the `withTotalElements` query parameter we are now able to reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items. This significantly improves the performance, especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `withTotalElements` query parameter {{< product-c8y-iot >}} can now reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items. This significantly improves the performance, especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.
```

> Using the `withTotalElements` query parameter, we are now able to reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items. This significantly improves the performance, especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `withTotalElements` query parameter we are now able to reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items. This significantly improves the performance, especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.
```

> Using the `withTotalElements` query parameter {{< product-c8y-iot >}} can now reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items. This significantly improves the performance, especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of our queries now use the `withTotalElements` parameter. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} can now reduce the number of queries required to retrieve the total number of items, significantly improving performance—especially when working with large datasets such as the device list.
```
